When a disaster struck
in the north of the country,
we immediately answered the call for help.
Seeing our brothers and sisters
in need was heartbreaking.
But what really touched our heart
was the spirit
of the local brothers and sisters.
They were like the Macedonians.
They didn’t have much,
but they gave generously from the heart.
When we got home,
Madeline and I resolved
to show the same kind of spirit.
First, our appreciation led us
to review our contribution
to the worldwide work.
I’ve come up with this figure.
Is this right?
Yeah.
Let’s just thank Jehovah.
We looked for ways to be generous
to those around us.
We discovered that we had
the means to give more,
so we didn’t hold back.
And then,
our congregation was invited to help
with a special preaching campaign.
. . . reach as many
as possible with the good news.
Do you think we could do a bit more?
Could we push ourselves a bit further?
I’d really like to.
It was within our power to help,
and that’s exactly what we did!
I’m bringing too much?
No, of course not.